{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red77\green77\blue77;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf2 You ever hear the story about ,The Little Engine That Could ? Let me tell you that story. Once upon a time, deep, deep in the jungle, there was a little engine\
that could. He was chuggin' his way\
across the enemy line. Chugga, chugga, chugga.\
Chugga, chugga. Toot, toot ! \
This little engine's\
mission... 
\f1\fs36 \cf0 was to take some AK-47s\
and a nuclear payload...
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 over the mountain\
to the 2063 Battalion.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 Needless to say,
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 there was plenty opposition.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 You think that stopped\
the little engine that could ?
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 No, siree, Bob.\
He just kept chuggin' along.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 Chugga, chugga, chugga.\
Chugga, chugga.
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Toot, toot !
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 Not even when they climbed\
aboard the train and popped out\
the eyes of the conductor,
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 and blood and snot was\
drippin' out his eye sockets.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 You think that stopped\
the little engine that could ?
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Damn skippy.\
He just kept chuggin' along.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 Chugga, chugga, chugga.\
Chugga, chugga. Toot, toot !
\fs32  
\fs36 It wasn't until...
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Charlie rigged a bridge\
with plastic explosives...
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 just as the little engine was makin'\
his way across the trestle.
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Boom !\
An explosion happened.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 And blood and guts and spit\
and ass was everywhere !
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 And Bubba come\
crawlin' out the back door,
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 both legs missin'.
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Lula May's baby boy !
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 He look up at me.\
He said, "Payne !
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 I can't feel my legs."
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 I said, "Bubba,\
they ain't there."
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 And I looked down,
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 and them little bloody nubs\
was kickin' real fast, like this here.\
And I said, "Bubba, it's\
30 miles to the nearest town.
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 'Less you can flip upside down\
and walk on your hands,\
you ain't gonna make it."
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 All of a sudden,\
Charlie was all over the place !
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 It was just me and my sidearm.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 And I had\
no other alternative...
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 but to blast my way out.
\fs32 \cf0  
\fs36 "Die, pig ! Die ! You'll never take\
Major Benson Winifred Payne alive !"
\fs32  
\fs36 \cf3 Bam ! "I saw what you did\
to my friend !" Bam !}